# Toyshell
In this assignment, you are required to write a shell program, called toyshell, that runs on the Linux operating system.

The purpose of the shell is to package system services under the control of an interactive command interpreter whose external interface is suitable for human consumption. When the shell program (a passive entity) is run, it becomes a shell process (an active entity). 
The shell process (hereafter just called the shell) outputs a command prompt to the screen and then “waits” to read input entered from the keyboard. The shell is not actually waiting, it is temporarily suspended until you type some characters. After you type some characters and press the return key to end the line, the shell re-starts and reads these characters into an internal array. The shell then analyzes the contents of the internal array to extract commands and arguments. For some commands, such as cd (i.e., change the current directory), the shell can execute the command directly because the command is built-in to the shell. When the shell finishes executing a built-in command, it outputs another command prompt to the screen. 
For other commands, such as ls (i.e., list the contents of the specified directory), the shell searches directories specified in the shell path environment variable, looking for a file named “ls” (type env at the command prompt to see the contents of your path environment variable and other environment variables). If the file named “ls” exists and is executable, the shell will invoke a service of the operating system to run the file (i.e., execute the command), thereby creating a new process. An & character can be used to terminate a command line. If there is no & character terminating the command line, the command is run in foreground. In foreground, the shell is temporarily suspended while it waits for the new process to finish executing. Once the new process is finished, the shell re-starts and outputs another command prompt to the screen. If there is an & character terminating the command line, the command is run in background. In background, the shell is not suspended and immediately outputs another command prompt to the screen. The new process runs concurrently with the shell.
